Add blog link and summary for Ember Times #92 (#56)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-92.md

---

> ## [Reflecting on being a former noob 👶](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Reflecting on Being a Former Noob 👶](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae)
```

> While realizing she's no longer a beginner, [@adamzdanielle](https://twitter.com/adamzdanielle)'s documents her thoughts on what more experienced developers can do to help those newer to the tech industry and working as developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While realizing she's no longer a beginner, [@danielleadams](https://github.com/danielleadams)' documents her thoughts on what more experienced developers can do to help those newer to the tech industry and working as developers. Check out her [blog post](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae) on the subject, stemming from her experience being a mentor at EmberConf! 
```
